updating dat-js notes (#146)
datproject/docs: docs/usingdat-browser.md

This approach is similar to that used in Feross' [Web Torrent](http://webtorrent.io). The difference is that Dats can be rendered live and read dynamically, whereas BitTorrent links are static. The original owner of a Dat can update the files in the directory and all peers will receive the updates automatically.

## Connecting to non-browser peers

dat-js primarily uses WebRTC, so it prioritizes connections to other browser peers that are also using WebRTC. All other Dat applications use non-WebRTC protocols ([see this FAQ for more info](getting-started-faq.md)). Non-browser clients can connect dats peer-to-peer via webrtc modules, such as [electron-webrtc](https://github.com/mappum/electron-webrtc), or use proxies via websockets, http, or other client-server protocols. 

In order for the dat-js library to connect to clients that aren't in the browser, we recommend using [dat-gateway](https://github.com/garbados/dat-gateway/). Deploy your own gateway if you expect a lot of traffic to your application.

> A gateway works by having the client open a [websocket](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket) to the gatewa2y, and have the gateway reach out to the rest of the dat network in order to fetch data from peers and send it down the websocket connection to dat-js. The gateway acts as a fallback and only gets used after dat-js has tried to connect to WebRTC peers first. This reduces gateway bandwidth constraints and keep most of the traffic peer to peer. 

Reviewer: Minor spelling nit-pick. 😁

```suggestion
A gateway works by having the client open a [websocket](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket) to the gateway, and have the gateway reach out to the rest of the dat network in order to fetch data from peers and send it down the websocket connection to dat-js. The gateway acts as a fallback and only gets used after dat-js has tried to connect to WebRTC peers first. This reduces gateway bandwidth constraints and keeps most of the traffic peer to peer. 
```

Author: woops! nice catch
